# Unmanned-Railway-Crossing-and-Single-track-train-detection

For Unmanned Railway Crossing :
The process of detecting trains approaching railway crossing can be understood with the following example. 
Consider two railway stations namely, Coimbatore(CBE), Palakkad(PGT) which has railway crossing between them.
The railway crossing will continuously access the particular feed of Coimbatore and Palakkad so that it can know the trains starting from these railway stations. As these trains start from the railway station, the server in the railway crossing starts accessing the private feeds of these trains to know the distance between them using Google distance matrix API. If this distance is less than 6 kilometres then it sends a soft-signal for closing the railway gates.

For Detecting Trains on Single line track:
The process of detecting trains on a single line railway track can be understood with the following example. 
Let us assume the track between the railway stations namely, Tirupur(TUP), Coimbatore(CBE), Palakkad(PGT) is a single line track and for Coimbatore,  Palakkad and Tirupur are the adjacent railway stations. The station masters in these railway stations will continuously upload the trains starting from these railway stations into its respective particular feed. The Coimbatore station Access feed will collect the data from its adjacent railway stations’ particular feed and upload into it, which will be used by the trains starting from Coimbatore railway station. The information in the Access feed will be used to know about the trains travelling on the same single track. After knowing the trains travelling on the same single line track, these trains start accessing the private feeds of the other trains travelling on the same single line track to know the distance between them. If the distance between them is less than 3 kilometres then a soft signal is sent for automatically applying the breaks. If there is no Access feed in a particular railway station that means there is no single line track after that railway station.
